Adds init command, adds Readme (#9006)
supabase/supabase: spec/README.md

# Supabase Specs

> These spec files are used to generate our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These spec files are used to generate the [reference documentation](https://supabase.com/docs/reference).
```

## Preparation

> To get started, run `make init`. This will install all dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, run `make init`. This installs all dependencies.
```

## Usage

```bash

make                # download latest specs and add enrichments

> make.generate       # transform the specs into docs

Reviewer: These have to be run separately?
